README.md, before:

FantasyWarrior3D
================

FantasyWarrior is a showcase project using Cocos2d-x 3.4

Cocos2d-x Features used in this project
* Sprite3D
* Animation3D
* Mesh
* Billboard
* Camera
* Light
* New audio engine

The code of this project and Cocos2d-x are all licensed under MIT

BGMs are copyrighted by Matthew Pablo, and licensed under CC-BY 3.0

You may not use any art including 2d and 3d from this project for commercial purpose

##Git user attention

1.Clone the repo from Github

```
$ git clone https://github.com/chukong/FantasyWarrior3D.git
```

2.Update the submodule of FantasyWarrior3D

```
$ git submodule update --init
```
3.Update the submodule of Cocos2d-x

```
$ cd frameworks/cocos2d-x
$ git submodule update --init
```

4.After cloning the repo, please execute `download-deps.py` to download and install dependencies

```
$ cd frameworks/cocos2d-x
$ python download-deps.py
```


##Platform support
This projetc supports 3 platforms: win32, ios_mac and Android.

###ios_mac runtime
Path:
`FantasyWarrior3D/frameworks/runtime-src/proj.ios_mac/FantasyWarrior3D.xcodeproj`.

###win32 runtime
Path: `FantasyWarrior3D/frameworks/runtime-src/proj.win32/FantasyWarrior3D.sln`.
>Requires Visual Studio 2012 and above.

###android runtime
Path: `FantasyWarrior3D/frameworks/runtime-src/proj.android`.

##Credits
* Game Effects: Wu Hao
* Game Logic: Fu Sijie
* Game Logic: Li Jun
* Game Logic: Gao Huang
* Game UI & Sound Man: Rao Zijian
* 3D technical support: Liu Liang, Hou Yingtao, Lv long, Nite, etc

Commit message:

add instructions for build the project on Mac
explain how to build the project on Mac using Xcode and Cocos2d-x-3.4

README.md, after:

FantasyWarrior3D
================
First：
Build on Mac
1. clone the repo
2. download cocos2d-x-3.4, then copy all contents in cocos2d-x-3.4 to FatasyWarrior3D/frameworks/cocos2d-x
3. then build, done!

Second:
Introduction

FantasyWarrior is a showcase project using Cocos2d-x 3.4

Cocos2d-x Features used in this project
* Sprite3D
* Animation3D
* Mesh
* Billboard
* Camera
* Light
* New audio engine

The code of this project and Cocos2d-x are all licensed under MIT

BGMs are copyrighted by Matthew Pablo, and licensed under CC-BY 3.0

You may not use any art including 2d and 3d from this project for commercial purpose

##Git user attention

1.Clone the repo from Github

```
$ git clone https://github.com/chukong/FantasyWarrior3D.git
```

2.Update the submodule of FantasyWarrior3D

```
$ git submodule update --init
```
3.Update the submodule of Cocos2d-x

```
$ cd frameworks/cocos2d-x
$ git submodule update --init
```

4.After cloning the repo, please execute `download-deps.py` to download and install dependencies

```
$ cd frameworks/cocos2d-x
$ python download-deps.py
```


##Platform support
This projetc supports 3 platforms: win32, ios_mac and Android.

###ios_mac runtime
Path:
`FantasyWarrior3D/frameworks/runtime-src/proj.ios_mac/FantasyWarrior3D.xcodeproj`.

###win32 runtime
Path: `FantasyWarrior3D/frameworks/runtime-src/proj.win32/FantasyWarrior3D.sln`.
>Requires Visual Studio 2012 and above.

###android runtime
Path: `FantasyWarrior3D/frameworks/runtime-src/proj.android`.

##Credits
* Game Effects: Wu Hao
* Game Logic: Fu Sijie
* Game Logic: Li Jun
* Game Logic: Gao Huang
* Game UI & Sound Man: Rao Zijian
* 3D technical support: Liu Liang, Hou Yingtao, Lv long, Nite, etc
